🙊 1.8.0 (#1108)
cloudflare/wrangler: CHANGELOG.md

    For more information on `wrangler dev`'s options, such as passing a custom `host`, `ip`, or `port`, run `wrangler dev` in your terminal for the available flags and options.

    [issue/845]: https://github.com/cloudflare/wrangler/issues/845
    [pull/883]: https://github.com/cloudflare/wrangler/pull/883

  - **Multi-route support - [ashleymichal], [issue/866] [pull/916]**

    Wrangler now allows developers to publish their Workers projects to multiple routes on a Cloudflare zone.

    To deploy your Workers project to multiple routes, you can migrate from the `route` key to `routes`:

    ```toml
    name = "worker"
    type = "javascript"
    account_id = "youraccountid"
    # change this line
    # route = "example.com/foo/*"
    # to this line
    routes = ["example.com/foo/*", "example.com/bar/*"]
    zone_id = "yourzoneid"
    ```

    [issue/866]: https://github.com/cloudflare/wrangler/issues/866
    [pull/916]: https://github.com/cloudflare/wrangler/pull/916

  - **`wrangler secret` commands - [ashleymichal], [issue/907] [issue/909] [issue/912] [pull/1045]**

>     Wrangler now allows developers to use **secrets** in their Workers codebase. Secrets are encrypted (TODO is that true) values that can be accessed as constants, similar to KV bindings, inside of your Workers code.

Reviewer: This might be confusing wording because user's might think they then unencrypt them. I'd just say:
```suggestion
    Wrangler now allows developers to use **secrets** in their Workers codebase. Secrets are secure values that can be accessed as constants, similar to text variables, inside of your Workers code.
```
